# Ahmed Zaman Cleaned Student Reviews

Source: manually collected Rate My Professors PDF.

## Extracted Review Text

4.4 Overall Quality Basedon 59 ratings AhmedZaman Professor in the Computer Science department at George Mason University Rate Compare I'm Professor Zaman Rating Distribution Awesome 5 43 Great 4 8 Good 3 3 OK 2 3 Awful 1 3 Similar Professors 5.00 EvgeniosKornaropoulos5.00 JustinWilson / 5 85% Would takeagain 2.6 Level ofDifficulty   59 Student Ratings Allcourses   QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 3.0 CS330 Jun 1st, 2026 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: A N/A Makes difficult concepts presented in CS330 easy. Office hours are essential if you're confused. GIVES GOOD FEEDBACKLOTS OF HOMEWORK TEST HEAVY Helpful Sho   QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 3.0 CS330 May 28th, 2026 Yes Mandatory: Yes Grade: A- CS330 concepts can be a bit unintuitive but his lectures helped simplify things a lot, even if attendance isn't mandatory. Quizzes were moderately difficult but the midterm and final were near identical to the practice exams he offered. Helpful QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 4.0 CS330 May 14th, 2026 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: A+ N/A Lectures are fast-paced and dense, but extremely rewarding. He makes complicated concepts easy to understand and is very understanding with questions/comments brought up during lectures(I think people mistake his bluntness as rudeness,   but he VERY patient). Exams are very fair and similar to MCQ quizzes and FRQ homework. AMAZING LECTURES LECTURE HEAVY Helpful QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 3.0 CS330 Apr 5th, 2026 Yes Mandatory: Yes Grade: Not sure yet Yes He is a great because he is passionate about teaching. If you have questions, please go to the office hours and you will get an A or a B in the class. He has a PHD in CS. CS 330 is a dense and non-intuitive course. The great thing is, he converts large and complex problems into smaller   ones and is easy to understand. He can 100% teach. PARTICIPATION MATTERS AMAZING LECTURES LECTURE HEAVY Helpful 0 Reviewed: Apr 6th,2026 QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 2.0 CS330 Dec 22nd, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: A Yes Really good professor. Weekly quiz on your own time + homework which is easy. 2 exams which are very similar to the sample exams he gives. Just show up and pay attention and you'll ace the class CLEAR GRADING CRITERIA GIVES GOOD FEEDBACK   Helpful QUALITY 1.0 DIFFICULTY 3.0 CS330 Dec 21st, 2025 Yes Grade: Not sure yet Yes He requires buying a $60+ book written by another CS professor, which is mandatory. I observed 5 students cheating during the final exam, but his four TAs and he did nothing. He emailed everyone, claiming pride in the class average, which is all time high when cheating is permitted!!! Helpful Sho   QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 2.0 CS330 Dec 20th, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: A+ Yes Amazing prof. Clearly explains concepts and how to solve practice problems. Makes sure everyone understands the content before moving on. Class layout was 1/2 new content, 1/2 review every week. Weekly take-home quizzes + HW, but they're short + manageable. Super reasonable exams as well. My only issue was the long time slot (2:40hr once a week). AMAZING LECTURES LECTURE HEAVY Helpful   QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 2.0 CS330 Dec 19th, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: B+ Yes Great professor! Made the complicated class easy to understand. Exams were very fair, infact way easier to compared to homeworks. Attend lectures to understand the material, he makes it simple to understand, and does multiple examples to solidy the understanding of the content. Truly a great professor. AMAZING LECTURES CLEAR GRADING CRITERIA ACCESSIBLE OUTSIDE CLASS Helpful   QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 2.0 CS330 Dec 19th, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: A- Yes Professor Zaman is super nice. His homeworks's do end up being a heavy portion of your grade so be sure to take your time and do them right. His lectures are a little hard to understand since their hand written lectures. 330 is a pretty difficult class in general. His exams are super clear if you do the quizzes and practice exams! AMAZING LECTURES CARING GRADED BY FEW THINGS Helpful Sho   QUALITY 4.0 DIFFICULTY 2.0 CS330 Dec 19th, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: A+ Yes Very good lecturer with manageable homework and fair exams. Explains content clearly and does practice problems in class. 1 quiz and hw once a week, taking up to an hour. His exams are extremely similar to the homework and often times easier. My only gripe is the diabolical 4:30-7:10pm timeslot for this semester (Fall 2025). Otherwise, good prof AMAZING LECTURES CARING ONLINE SAVVY Helpful   QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 3.0 CS330 Dec 17th, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: A Yes Class was a 3 hour block. 1/2 for practice problems and 1/2 for new material. Easy exams, semi easy homeworks. Truly a great professor. Only reason people failed/are failing is because they didn't show up to class. 10/10 would take again AMAZING LECTURES CLEAR GRADING CRITERIALECTURE HEAVY Helpful   QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 3.0 CS330 Dec 16th, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: Not sure yet Yes The concepts covered in this class are very abstract. And Dr. Zaman does his best to ease the difficulties. The best thing I can say about him is that, several times I noticed students asking dumb questions, something they would have known if they had studied. But he was never condescending, he would always answer questions patiently. Take him! GET READY TO READ AMAZING LECTURES CLEAR GRADING CRITERIA Helpful   QUALITY 3.0 DIFFICULTY 2.0 CS330 Dec 4th, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: A+ Yes His lecture work is extremely difficult to read (scribbles every time), and he has an accent that's difficult for a whiteboy like me to decipher. I bought the textbook and just read it instead of going to the lectures and did perfectly fine. Very easy exams and his quizzes and assignments are light. GET READY TO READ LECTURE HEAVY Helpful Sho   QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 3.0 CS330 Nov 25th, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: B Yes The class is tough regardless of who you have, but this professor does a great job at not making it that way. Attend the lectures as every minute of it helps with understanding the class and his explanations make the understanding the material easy. There are weekly homeworks and quizzes and the exams aren't out of left field. AMAZING LECTURES LECTURE HEAVY TEST HEAVY Helpful QUALITY 5.0 CS330 Sep 2nd, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: B   DIFFICULTY 3.0 Yes Took Professor Zaman last fall and by far one of the best CS professors i've ever taken. Course content itself is tough but he makes it digestible and easy to follow. Final and midterm were far game. Lectures at times were a bit confusing if you didnt attend, so be sure to go. There were also weekly quizzes and homework. servedby.flashtalking.com >
