# Jana Kosecka Cleaned Student Reviews

Source: manually collected Rate My Professors PDF.

## Extracted Review Text

2.2 Overall Quality Basedon 29 ratings JanaKosecka Professor in the Computer Science department at George Mason University Rate Compare Rating Distribution Awesome 5 2 Great 4 4 Good 3 4 OK 2 7 Awful 1 13 Similar Professors 5.00 EvgeniosKornaropoulos5.00 JustinWilson / 5 30% Would takeagain 3.9 Level ofDifficulty   I'm Professor Kosecka 29 Student Ratings QUALITY 1.0 DIFFICULTY 5.0 CS747 Jun 2nd, 2026 Yes Not Mandatory Grade: Rather not say Yes She puts in little effort in teaching and seems to get annoyed if you come during office hours. While asking questions in class, she will habitually cut you off. Her slides are hastily prepared and the lectures are fragmented. She might be a good researcher, but in my opinion, she is a poor teacher. Her grading criteria was arbitrary. Avoid her. TOUGH GRADER GROUP PROJECTS Allcourses   Helpful   QUALITY 1.0 DIFFICULTY 5.0 CS482 Apr 22nd, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory Grade: Incomplete N/A Her method of teaching needs serious overhaul. Lectures are incomprehensible info dumping sessions. You are better off skipping class and attempting to learn and comprehend all the material on your own time. The heavily weighted homework was easy though. This played a major role in saving my grade. Take Kosecka at your own risk. GET READY TO READ Helpful QUALITY 1.0 DIFFICULTY CS682 Jan 7th, 2025 Yes Not Mandatory Grade: A- N/A Online Class: Yes   5.0 She didn't seem like she cared about this class. Dates on the schedule were incorrect, concepts on homeworks and the exams were never discussed in lectures, our exam date changed to 10 am on Sunday morning less than a week before the exam was. This class was mainly just looking up everything since we were never taught it. Would never suggest taking GRADED BY FEW THINGS Helpful   QUALITY 1.0 DIFFICULTY 5.0 CSGRAD Jan 2nd, 2024 Not MandatoryGrade: C N/A rough grader TOUGH GRADER Helpful QUALITY 4.0 DIFFICULTY 5.0 CS682 May 19th, 2023 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: B+ N/A Lectures were amazing, clear explanation, but not so good slides. Majority of the class covers traditional vision ~70% and in last couple of classes she will cover deep learning based methods ~30%.There was a exam in the last month, it was tough! I learned so much from Prof.   Kosecka! one of the best classes at in Mason. Not easy, but worth it! TOUGH GRADER RESPECTED LECTURE HEAVY Helpful QUALITY 5.0 DIFFICULTY 3.0 CSGRAD Feb 4th, 2023 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: A+ N/A Prof. Kosecka is one of the best CS professors I've seen at Mason. I never had her in my undergrad but she has been a great instructor in my master's. She's very down to earth and an incredible person to learn from. If you join her   class and are interested, you will learn from one of the best in the field of ML, deep learning, and CV. GIVES GOOD FEEDBACKINSPIRATIONAL RESPECTED Helpful QUALITY 1.0 DIFFICULTY 5.0 CS482 May 7th, 2022 Yes Not Mandatory Grade: D Yes There was literally a negative curve. There is no D, only F, and an A starts at a 93. The homework she gave were insane full scale projects that we often actually copied from 600 level graduate classes. The midterm had an average of 50, best grade was a 70. For the final project she gave us bugged code, didn't fix it even, left that one up to us. TOUGH GRADER LOTS OF HOMEWORK GRADED BY FEW THINGS   Helpful QUALITY 2.0 DIFFICULTY 4.0 CS483 Dec 27th, 2021 Yes Not Mandatory: No Grade: B Yes Online Class: Yes Jana Kosecka is hard to understand and follow sometimes. A very hard class so not necessarily Professor Kosecka's fault but she doesn't make it any easier. Very complex theoretical problems. Graded work doesn't really cover what is covered in class. Unless you are able to teach yourself these concepts, then I would advise you to not take this prof. LOTS OF HOMEWORK GRADED BY FEW THINGS TEST HEAVY   Helpful QUALITY 1.0 DIFFICULTY 3.0 CS583 Dec 17th, 2021 Yes: No Yes She puts in as little effort as she can - hates teaching and takes it out on her students. LOTS OF HOMEWORK TEST HEAVY Helpful   QUALITY 4.0 DIFFICULTY 4.0 CS682 Aug 12th, 2021 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: A- No She really knows her stuff! The grading criteria was a bit off, so was the schedule. But she explains the concepts really well. If you go to her office hours, she will really try to help you. The TA was super helpful as well! RESPECTED Helpful   QUALITY 4.0 DIFFICULTY 3.0 CS483 Dec 20th, 2020 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: A Yes Online Class: Yes Honestly her class is not that hard. Just do her practice midterm and final and u will be fine on the actual tests. Shes also a lenient grader. Her explanations are actually easy to understand, but might be a bit dry. If u take her online, just watch her recordings at 2x speed or something. Other than that, shes pretty chill. RESPECTED GRADED BY FEW THINGS CLEAR GRADING CRITERIA Helpful   QUALITY 1.0 DIFFICULTY 3.0 CS483 May 11th, 2020 Yes Not Mandatory: Yes Grade: B- Yes She's a smart person with how many papers she's written and published, but it doesn't translate very well to her teaching skills. Monotonous voice and really sometimes getting confused by her own slides also throw off the pace of the class. The book is really good though. GET READY TO READ Helpful QUALITY 2.0 DIFFICULTY CS483 Jan 4th, 2019 Yes: No Yes It looked she was never interested in teaching the class and used to always mess up when ever she   4.0 did pratice problem and the slides she used for class were so old and awfully formated. I would just avoid taking important class like algorthims with this professor. TOUGH GRADER GET READY TO READ GRADED BY FEW THINGS Helpful QUALITY 2.0 DIFFICULTY 4.0 CS483 Jan 4th, 2019 Yes: No Grade: B- Yes Terribly disorganized on top of that she has no clear grading criteria decided on the last day of that class that 4 quiz that she gave are now worth 5% each which pretty much hurt /brought down hw servedby.flashtalking.com > Shop now   averages and never replies to her email.Overall, just avoid her. TOUGH GRADER GRADED BY FEW THINGS Helpful QUALITY 1.0 DIFFICULTY 4.0 CS483 Dec 30th, 2018 Yes Not Mandatory: No Grade: C+ Yes I think this is the worst class I've taken so far. The lectures are so boring is hard not to fall asleep. It was difficult to follow the lectures, professor was unenthusiastic and didn't explain the concepts in a manner that students could understand. She is slow to respond to emails and sometimes doesn't d   servedby.flashtalking.com >
